== v1.23.6

* Still more.

== v1.23.5

* Yet more faffing around.

== v1.23.4

* Yet more faffing around.

== v1.23.3

* More faffing around with loading of yml.example files for TeamCity.

== v1.23.2

* xxxxx.yml.example files now potentially loaded in test and production mode.
  This is necessary to support TeamCity app init.

== v1.23.1

* Bug fix to previous release: nothing is now done if there's no example file.

== v1.23.0

* Automatic loading of aws.yml in a similar manner to that of config.yml.
  xxx.yml will be processed if present. If not, and the Rails environment
  is production, xxx.yml.example will be processed. Otherwise, an error
  message will be printed.

== v1.22.7, v1.22.8

* Updated bundle, specified minimum version of ocean-dynamo.

== v1.22.6

* OceanDynamo::Base => OceanDynamo::Table

== v1.22.4

* Conditionalised exception handling in the resource controller in order to support
  both ActiveRecord and OceanDynamo.

== v1.22.3

* String versions of exceptions in multi-class resource controller.

== v1.22.2

* Conditional loading for ActiveModel and OceanDynamo.

== v1.22.1

* OceanDynamo::RecordNotSaved replaced by OceanDynamo::RecordNotUnique.

== v1.22.0

* OceanDynamo::RecordNotSaved now intercepted like the ActiveRecord counterpart.
* Full support for OceanDynamo models. Currently working on bringing the controller
  logic to an identical state for OceanDynamo as for ActiveRecord.

== v1.19.0

* Added Api.adorn_basename to create unique names for shared resources like AWS queues
  and DB names, depending on the execution environment (Chef and Rails).
* Using the webmock gem to mock HTTP traffic in specs for the Api class.

== v1.18.8

* Reverted back to unconditionalised api_user_url.

== v1.18.7

* Debug release.

== v1.18.6

* Debug release.

== v1.18.5

* Debug release.

== v1.18.4

* Conditionalised the definition of the helper +api_user_url+.

== v1.18.3

* Yet another update to the +ocean_setup+ generator.

== v1.18.2

* The +ocean_setup+ generator updated again.

== v1.18.1

* The +ocean_setup+ generator updated.

== v1.18.0

* The +ocean-rails+ gem is now an engine. This allows us to serve the <tt>/alive</tt>
  controller, the error controller, the application helper and various initializers
  from the gem rather than by installing source templates via the app generator. 

== v1.17.1

* Application controller filters +require_x_api_token+, +authorize_action+, and
  +require_conditional+ now all do a <tt>expires_in 0, must_revalidate: true</tt>
  when they fail, to prevent caching of negatives.

== v1.17.0

* The +before_action+ +required_conditional+ has been added. It requires the request
  to be a conditional one, i.e. it must have either an +If-None-Match+ or an +If-Modified-Since+
  HTTP header, or both. If the request isn't conditional, a 428 error is returned. The body will 
  be a standard API error message, with two error strings: <tt>"Precondition Required"</tt> and 
  <tt>"If-None-Match and/or If-Modified-Since missing"</tt>.
* Added documentation for +deny_with+.

== v1.16.1

* Added specs for some parts hitherto without direct tests.
* Added deny_with, as a counterpart to permit_with.
* Added Ocean blog URL.

== v1.16.0

* Now using ruby-2.0.0-p247.

== v1.15.6

* +ocean_resource_controller+ now also takes the keyword arg +permitted_attributes+,
  which is accessible via the class accessor +ocean_resource_controller_permitted_attributes+.
  As yet the keyword arg has no effect, but it will be used when switching to Strong 
  Parameters, so we can get rid of the last Rails 3 compatibility gem.
* Better gem description in the gemspec.
* Changed the format of the CHANGELOG to RDoc.

== v1.15.5

* Corrected badge.

== v1.15.4

* Badge added.
* Documentation changes.

== v1.15.3

* +render_validation_errors+ +except+ arg handling corrected.

== v1.15.2

* +ocean_resource_controller+ now takes a +no_validation_errors_on+ keyword (default []) which
  enumerates the attributes for which 422 validation error info should not be given.
  This is sometime useful for password information such as hashes and salts.
  Also, +render_validation_errors+ takes a new keyword parameter +except+ in the same format.

* The API error for non-unique resources no longer mention the class of the resource, but 
  always is <tt>"Resource not unique"</tt>.

== v1.15.1

* Conditionalised the +rescue_from+ controller clauses: only done when ActiveRecord is
  present.

== v1.15.0

* +POST+ and +PUT+ actions greatly simplified through the use of controller-level +rescue_from+
  handlers.

== v1.14.3

* RDoc documentation for the +ocean-rails+ gem is now complete.

== v1.14.2

* Corrected typo.

== v1.14.1

* Added the MIT license to the gemspec file. Added Rubygems URL and mailing list
  info to the +README+.

== v1.14.0

* Initial release via Rubygems.org.

